hi Craig welcome to tackle fanatics
review of the angling techniques pro cut
beer port
the features of this product of all with
a bit capacity the bit capacity on this
is up to many rare to about
three-quarters of Aikido so it's ideal
for UK waters or just drop in very small
amounts of beer itself moving on to the
bottom of the board we have the built-in
weed guards it has navigation lights all
around the board and this board has a
running time of around 40 minutes
just to run you through the handset of
the pro cat very straightforward nice
and easy to use the left hand toggle is
just fold in reverse and the right hand
is for the left and right direction
now we're going to show you the pro cut
in action out on the lake
to drop the bid on the left-hand toggle
bring it back
and the right-hand toggle push to the
right will release the bit into the
water
you
many thanks for watching our review of
the prop cut board please visit the
tackle fanatics website to see our full
range
you